we all know that chat jpt can solve
problems generate content and even help
you code but did you know that you can
also use chat jpt to make an app yes so
in this video I will show you a
step-by-step process on how you can
create an app using chpd usually when
you create an app you need to have good
knowledge in coding and app development
but in this video we're going to use
chat GPT to generate the code and create
a basic app like this so make sure you
watch this video till the end because I
will also show you how you can convert
it into an APK file which you can
install on your Android device share
with your friends or also publish it on
the Play Store I'm brand from website
Learners and let's get started to make
an app using chat GPT we are going to do
four steps first decide what kind of app
that you want to create now if you have
an idea for an app you can tell chat GPT
about it and how it should work but for
the purposes of this video we're going
to make a small game app like Tic Tac 2
so let's go to chat GPT and ask it to
give me a HTML CSS and a JavaScript
script code for a two player Tic Tac to
a game you can see we have got the code
now to check if the code is working
correctly let's use a tool called
codepen so let's go to
codepen and click Start coding here you
can see we have three different sections
where you have to enter the HTML CSS and
the JavaScript code respectively so
let's go back to chat GPT then copy the
HTML
code and paste it here
then do the same for the CSS and the
JavaScript code once you have pasted the
code if we move this
up you can see we have a preview of our
game so let's test it
out as you can see the game is working
completely fine but there are a few
things that we can do to make it better
so first off let's improve how it looks
so let's change the background
color add a popup to reveal who the
winner is and also add a button here to
restart the game so let's go back to
chat
GPT and ask it to regenerate the code
with the changes we
want you can see we got the new version
of our code so let's copy the new HTML
code then go back to code
pen and replace the old code with a new
one then do the same for the CSS and the
JavaScript
code and you can see that the background
color has been changed now when we play
the
game you can see it shows who has won
the game in a popup and it has a button
to start a new
game and it has a button to restart the
game now if you want to add anything
additional to your game and make changes
you can ask Chad jpt to get the code and
replace them okay so now that you have
got the code from chat GPD and tested it
we can now go to the next step which is
to save our code to the computer first
we need to copy all this code in the
notepad so let's open a notepad then
copy this HTML code and paste it
here to save the file let's create a new
folder and name
it then save the file as
index.html because only then our app
will work properly in the same way let's
open a new
file then copy the CSS code and paste it
here then save this file as mentioned
here which is
style.css again let's open a new file
copy this JavaScript code and paste it
here then save it as
script.js okay once you're done we can
run the game locally so just go to the
folder we created and if we open this
index
file you can see that the game runs
locally on our browser so now we justly
save the code to our computer and now
the app is working fine as I told you
earlier I will show you a way to convert
this app into a mobile app that you can
install on your Android device share
with your friends or also publish it on
the Play Store so to convert this app
into a mobile app first we need to
upload the app online so to do that
we're going to use a tool called tiny.
host so just click the link below this
video and it'll take you to this website
now give a name for your app I'm going
to enter tick Taco app and this will be
the URL of your game next we need to
upload our app as a zip file to do that
let's compress the files which we have
saved on our computer so let's right
click on it then go to send to and click
compressed once it is done just drag and
drop your zip file here now click on
Google then log into your Google
account and our app is now live now if
we click on view
site you can see our app is live on the
internet where we can share it with
everyone okay now we have successfully
hosted our app online once it is done we
can now go to the final step which is to
convert the web app into a mobile app so
to convert it we're going to use a tool
called Web into app this tool is
completely free to use so just click the
link below this video video and it will
take you to this website now click on
get
started and here we need to enter the
URL of our app so to get that let's go
to our app copy this
URL go back and paste it
here then enter a name for our app and
click next now here we need to add an
icon for our app so let's click on set
icon then select the icon click open
then the icon will be added here now if
you don't have any icon for your app you
can check out this site called Flat icon
and you can get an icon from here okay
once you have added the app icon click
on make app then enter these details
click on register and again click on
make
app as you can see we have converted our
web app into a mobile app so once it is
done we can go ahead and download our
app so just click here click download
then click download all files and the
app will be downloaded to your computer
now we are almost there so let's
download the sck taco app into our phone
to do that we need to extract the zip
file on our computer so let's open the
file which we just
downloaded then right click on it click
on extract all and click
extract now if we open that
folder then open the Android folder you
can see we have the APK file here so
once you have got the APK file we can go
ahead and install the app on our Android
phone so let's open a new tab then click
here and go to Google
Drive now drag and drop the APK file
here and it will be uploaded to the
drive so once it is uploaded let's
download and install the APK file on our
phone so go to Google
Drive open the APK
file
click
install and click
open as you can see our app has been
installed on our phone and in the same
way you can make any app in just a few
minutes okay so that's it guys this is
how you can make an app using chbd I've
given given you all the links that you
need in the description below and if
you're interested in creating more
advanced games with Chad jpd like this
one then make sure you watch this video
and if you like this video give it a
thumbs up and leave a comment below also
subscribe to website Learners and hit
that Bell icon for more videos like this
one thanks for watching guys I'll see
you in the next video Until then take
care
bye-bye